cilantro or coriander as it's known here
in Australia is an excellent detoxifying
herb many people don't actually like the
taste but you might decide to change
your mind after you hear it's healing
properties hi I'm Robert Reaves and
today I wanted to share with you the
detoxifying power of cilantro or
coriander you can read more about it
inside my book angel detox which I had
the absolute joy of co-writing with
Doreen Virtue coriander or cilantro is a
herb that's often used in Thai cooking
you've likely tried it before there are
a group of people where it's found that
their taste buds really don't respond
well to the taste of coriander it tastes
really soapy and quite unappetising
completely but the powerful nature of
this herb can pull heavy metals out of
your system that's right heavy metals
these are things like mercury lead
cadmium all those really hard to remove
toxic agents that your body may have
been storing think of like mercury
amalgams that people might have in
dental fillings you know small traces of
that mercury may have been getting
leached out you know and it's a great
idea to check with your dentist if you
do have any of these fillings in your
mouth because they can be quite
dangerous if they start to leak so with
the coriander or the cilantro it was
found almost by accident that this herb
caen tipton detox you from heavy metals
they had patients in hospital and they
were giving them this soup there's light
broth that contained coriander and what
they found was in their tests these
patients were releasing way more heavy
metals than any other so the research
began and thankfully they discovered the
magical power of this healing her
so enjoy coriander in salads in subes as
pesto or even in green smoothies you can
add it to juices and just consume this
wonderful herb now many companies are
beginning to create supplements that
contain cilantro or coriander you can
try these two or try the fresh herb get
that beautiful taste and perhaps it
might change your mind now that you know
what it can be used for so thank you so
much for watching and as always may all
of your dreams come true
you